The PSOE has opted for outside but not in peace the claim in the sernac
he remembered
the dining rooms that work all the themes and
according to employment data in the United States according to a secret summary report
Holland and Spain has been superimposed work has not been left aside to side
side
sword the offer of the real madrid the Castilians
April 6th day when he believes that it must be stopped and at the end of the poor
the desserts in mid-December the ipc
s does it
then the pressure we're seeing it from ink four men up pressing
the exit to bestow zarra
after having passed the task of Fernandez when we will be
can pass that same area
go nice so ask for fran franco
provided
moen parties
muciño
felipe
response that scioli was produced that comes keep the facility for
define those moments
the same because with it is intended to emit purple gives surprises more
national with my land while the president leonel lieutenant of juanfran and
amancio gonzález brenes
I was surprised and I feel very good coverage and the rains you never know what
that affects you but for Fernández Álvarez it will go from three or four
dollars to appear formed couple
now the eees have plugged or
azahara of the castle is álex fernández vicente gil the polyvalent with the
protest from the atrium its part
Of course that fact is hard work of course the mother
good enough moral
the event there will be a flight zone that leaves fernandez to the ground
still missing
in the absence of closing everything on the basis of charge of joseph married
but not so that they inhabit rafael king who does for carvajal messi
tests and they're forgotten and he's a player
in the division he is undoubtedly 23 years old
it is not time of his birth in that same sense the big house
behind what is
when slow in this sense he pointed out that within a ten or so meters and
they say they have sessa
but with two handles corn is the first book that if they leave
sports television for the weekend
we're fine show full of super sat four games
absolutely not like that because now the spokesperson
enjoying the sport's size
the logo and the brand or four and a half in another apart from that the task of
the black one for patricia de zafra talgo
Bogota although the shot with the left
but all for today
the contest 'teresa de ávila' this has been an accident that is to say those that
despite everything not from God because they reflect it
in leganés at a speed eyes platini
Julián Prieto who steals the ball is the center forward of his brush themselves
common
I am very committed
for saravia in spain it will be the return enduring we will drag downward
of the parliament that the belly but also upwards at the exit of the bbva
follow
despite what has to be the one that is responsible for
ferraresi health out by the collegiate and are using them
It's getting a little closer because some people call it European
tell you here how to trace feel comfortable doing nothing state endorsement
for their presence because both are the solutions
and maybe this is more serious in the future so nobody doubts
then I'll see of anger against the fence yes
Montanier who played as Chavez who had worked for Atomic being
beitía arrivals of your orders to the switchboards in race to the first stick
for a long time
moving very participatory and daniel avalos now well given much play the
ball
valdés manzo the central for francois seems to me I got the system that
has the real madrid castilla with thing worth showing three days purist
fundamental
that you want attack on wages on morata yeah more goals of the second year
his tenacity the second place
min in Castilla and the same with the draw yes
my mission apolo losing the second inning of castilla two have been brought
there
a fourth fleet among the marked
recovers from fernández pains to these gangs fernandez mandate raises the
federer head to the front of the area
linked to the varapalos to the area very folded and the savior
and more for josé casado
today almost two minutes of advance of castile also in other points are his
moment
a sensational
from a base of successes of the symphonic band as well as dt the purpose
why to let loose the value of bizkaia and alava the position does not
the quadrants of morata but de foz actress silvia vera morata is
they have practically only gone badly and even from some shot bo
oo where he ordered ferran heel are the most outstanding powers alone
prestige that we were the team is wanting themes
the best positioned for it 1
Goals are falling in this second edition of the group first
the governor of Hidalgo who deserved it
yedlín to close it unfair the amount for hard because it is very difficult to leave
been hit and cleaned dean makes space takes away the work that
It was very active I gave it to the exit
in this test the weekend marker
the battleship tried and sarabia if it attacks thin and wore the extra day
great télam
goes beyond the ceoe of tábara
the silly
hence it is recovered
perfectly audible pick it up to the opposition
and a clear test of goal baa right part with the city of carvajal
cobos
of compost
in fact the photo that was left with ten by the secretariat is softer
he assured that his wife not in this case
but good every time the four elements within the party and after
to consider
just missing from around castilla
obviedades fernández what I read the score against is 0 1 but
moura fountains
tie Celtic zero and compensate
the athletic one of madrid must be approached from the palms
and the world and the popular candidate
which will follow b the easy pass deduct from the overturned walk the walker has been given
to elvis
and that because together with the same
in the company of the henares
tried to recover the regions of the head Juan Carlos
but mostly so that out of tune again missed
Assad has given last year if he finished the first part
the party has its own name January 12 and it went off then innovation in
Zamora of the group has been fundamental in this first part for
quilmes
go with an advantage in the score 0 1 and a second goal but a lot of
guilt has it in mind united states